Recommend against EPSILON for equality tests, align related pages (#20493)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/number/isnan/index.md

### Return value

> The boolean value `false` if the given value is a number with value {{jsxref("NaN")}}. Otherwise, `false`.

Reviewer: did you mean true here?

Author: Sorry, yes.

```suggestion
The boolean value `true` if the given value is a number with value {{jsxref("NaN")}}. Otherwise, `false`.
```

## Description

Due to both equality operators, [`==`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Equality) and [`===`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality), evaluating to `false` when checking if {{jsxref("NaN")}} _is_ {{jsxref("NaN")}}, the function `Number.isNaN()` has become necessary. This situation is unlike all other possible value comparisons in JavaScript.

Since `x !== x` is only true for `NaN` among all possible JavaScript values, `Number.isNaN(x)` can also be replaced with a test for `x !== x`, despite the latter being less readable.

> In comparison to the global {{jsxref("isNaN", "isNaN()")}} function, `Number.isNaN()` doesn't suffer the problem of forcefully converting the parameter to a number. This means it is now safe to pass values that would normally convert to {{jsxref("NaN")}}, but aren't actually the same value as {{jsxref("NaN")}}. This also means that only values of the type number, that are also {{jsxref("NaN")}}, return `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As opposed to the global {{jsxref("isNaN", "isNaN()")}} function, the `Number.isNaN()` method doesn't force-convert the parameter to a number. This makes it safe to pass values that would normally convert to {{jsxref("NaN")}} but aren't actually the same value as {{jsxref("NaN")}}. This also means that only values of the type `number` that are also {{jsxref("NaN")}}, return `true`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
As opposed to the global {{jsxref("isNaN", "isNaN()")}} function, the `Number.isNaN()` method doesn't force-convert the parameter to a number. This makes it safe to pass values that would normally convert to {{jsxref("NaN")}} but aren't actually the same value as {{jsxref("NaN")}}. This also means that only values of the Number type that are also {{jsxref("NaN")}} return `true`.
```

Sounds better. One change to get rid of the `number` typography because it's not an entity in JS.
